Four parts. 
1 Padler 
2 Padler’s POV on Emma/Vera 
3 Emma/Vera’s POV on Padler 
4 Emma/Vera 

YEEEEEAH 

— 

"It’s me." 

"Hey." 

At the familiar voice, Patterson relaxed into the phone. “Is this weekend a holiday?” 

"No." 

"Hope you don’t mind that I use you as a calendar," he said, not able to keep the smile out of his voice. 

"No." After a pause, Adler explained, "You can’t count." 

"Right. It felt like I was looking forward to something this weekend…" 

"Mm. There isn’t anything going on." 

"Do you want to make it a holiday?" From Adler’s side came a long, squint-eyed stretch of silence, devoid of static. Patterson’s grin widened. "By going out or something." 

"Where?" 

"I don’t know." 

"A bar?" Adler said, testing the waters. 

"Do you go to clubs?" 

"…yes." And hurriedly backpedaling out of them. 

"It’s not a trap." 

"I know it’s not a trap," he said shortly. "We can go to a club." 

Patterson substituted, “I’ve never seen you dance,” for ‘I don’t want to force you to go’. 

"I don’t do it very often." 

Well, he had offered enough escape routes. “Is Saturday night good?” 

"Sure." 

"I’m looking forward to it." 

Patterson could feel the twist in Adler’s mouth as he finally gave into a little scoffed laugh. “I’m sure you are.” 

"See you then." 

"Good-bye." 

// 

\ 

Soon after arrival, they fell into people-watching —- people-scouting, really, as Patterson pitied Adler enough to find them a dancing group. Of course Adler hadn’t asked for this, but Patterson was a good enough friend to assume. It’s not like he needed one for himself, but Adler was obviously uncomfortable, having not gone to a lot of clubs. 

Patterson had breezed through two drinks before the time they found anyone notable, while Adler took a more conservative pace. Breaking after his second glass was emptied, he gave Adler a slow look-over. Adler noticed soon enough, raising a silent eyebrow. 

"You were staring." 

"/You/ are staring," Adler corrected. 

"No — " Patterson grinned, too wide, and looked down at the empty drink. "You were watching something in the crowd, I mean." 

"Mm, a pair." 

"Yeah?" 

Adler pointed his drink vaguely into the mass of sweat and flesh. “Those two women.” When Patterson didn’t answer, he said, “The tall, skinny one and the short brunette.” 

"You just described three-quarters of the women here." 

With a huffed sigh, Adler leaned close, putting a hand on Patterson’s shoulder to steer him the right way. “There. Short, thick girl, and and she’s dancing with — “ 

"Oh, the pink top?" 

"…fuschia, isn’t it?" 

A second passed between them, completely silent, before Patterson smacked his drink down to facepalm. “Adler — “ 

"What." 

"I’m not taking you to another club if you’re going to act like a dink." 

"Her shirt is fuschia. Being exact is not being a — " 

"I’m teasing you," Patterson cut him off. "Even though the word fuschia is incredibly dinky." 

"Shut up." That only widened Patterson’s smile, and Adler looked back into the crowd. "Regardless, what about those two?" 

"Really, I was teasing. …and what about them?" 

"I thought you wanted to find someone to dance with," he said, glancing back for confirmation. 

Well, to find someone for /you/ to dance with, but, “Right.” Patterson checked the pair out again, and then screwed up his mouth with a short, unimpressed sound. “Yeah, they’re not really my type.” 

"Either of them?" Adler’s disbelief was understandable — the pair were at opposite ends of the appearance spectrum. The one stood a little too tall, leaning like uncut grass, with equally long, thin hair; that was dark, along with her dusky skin. She swayed more than danced, eyes open, wary of the bodies pressing near and nearer. The second girl appeared older, with her face made up and outfit bright — she threw her body to the beat, eyes shut, hands up. Her hair was a little dark brown pop around her head, body likewise curved. 

Still watching the girls, Patterson hummed and tried to find a reasonable cover-up explanation. “Not really. No.”

"There’s two of them." 

"I can count that high, yes." He tried to ignore Adler’s stare and the unspoken question that came with it. They had been standing here long enough to have found someone already, yet Patterson had withheld from making any suggestions. 

So Adler gave in and asked, “Then what are you looking for?” 

"I don’t really…" He grimaced at the way this was going to sound and wished he hadn’t gone through the second round so quickly. "I don’t like girls." 

"At all?" Adler’s gaze hadn’t moved an inch. 

"Yeah." Patterson nodded and swallowed and prided himself on not shrinking away, even though his stomach had knotted itself up and curled into the farthest side of his stomach. After an pant-shittingly long silence, he heard a little sound from Adler and movement at last as the German looked away. 

"Actually," Adler said, "I don’t think that’s a concern here." 

Glancing up at the girls, Patterson had to agree: shortie had a hand caught tight in the tall one’s hair, the other hand clutched into her hip, and mouth very, very occupied. “Oh.” The club was too dark to see anyone blush, especially if that person happened to be Patterson. “I guess not.” 

Adler couldn’t keep a quiet smirk from his face as the girls continued their sweaty kisses, the tall one looping her arms casually around the other. They pulled apart enough to talk and nuzzle noses; at this pause in the show, he checked in with Patterson. Nope, still too embarrassed to watch. 

"We could dance with them anyway." 

Patterson nodded hastily, almost before the other man finished speaking. “Sure.” 

"Do you actually want to?" 

"Did you actually want to come to this club?" 

Adler squinted at him. “Let me finish my drink and we’ll go.” 

// 

\ 

But by the time the pair got their shit together, the girls had left the dance floor. Adler, ever a gentleman, suggested bringing them drinks, and Patterson agreed so long as they got to buy more drinks for themselves. Thus it happened that the two wandered over, girly drinks in hand, trying not to make too much awkward eye contact. 

At the table, Emma muttered, “…oh no, what the hell.” 

Vera followed her gaze and frowned as well. Her foot had been tapping to the music (and maybe causing her leg to rub against Emma’s, just every now and then) but she stopped, preparing to make a break for it. “Are those for us?” 

"Let me do the talking," Emma said boldly, patting the other girl’s hand. She had been progressively more confident and affectionate as the night lengthened —- though to be fair, Vera had double-dared her into a kiss on the dance floor, so that couldn’t be put on the list. 

The approaching pair weren’t bad-looking, if a little dubious, so Emma greeted them instead of telling them off at once. 

She got a little nod back from one and a stiff, “Hello,” from the blond. “Would you mind if we sat with you?” 

His friend tried to hide a grimace, out of embarrassment or something else, Emma couldn’t tell. But he added (shyly?), “With drinks. We bought drinks.” 

Vera raised a brow. “All those are for us…” 

"No," he said. "For — they’re also for us. Too." 

"Is he stuttering?" Vera whispered, and Emma bit down on a smile. They couldn’t be too rapist-ish, then, if this kid was stammering away. 

"Do you mind if they sit?" Emma asked, her own mind made up. 

"No, sure. Go ahead." 

At the invitation, the blond set the drinks down on the table, his friend nervously following suit. The blond had remained stoic until now, a pleasant yet neutral expression on his face. But now he cast a glance at his friend, quietly concerned, and touched the small of his back in reassurance. Even with a drink or two in her, Emma jumped on that like a fangirl. 

"Are you two —- " 

Simultaneously, the boys looked to each other, then back at her, and said, “Yes.” “Yeah.” They both seemed a little relieved to hear the other agree, and in her head, Emma aww’d. One of them must’ve just come out, cute little things. 

"Sit, sit, come on." She waved them into the booth, Vera scooting around to make room. Introductions went around: Adler sat at one end of the booth, next to Emma, with Vera and Patterson filling in the other side. Once drinks were clinked together (and now that the girls knew the situation), Patterson relaxed, leaning across the table to chat back at Emma whose mouth had been likewise loosened by the alcohol. 

"I guess…three years now?" Emma glanced to her girlfriend, who shrugged. "We don’t really keep track of dates. I think." 

"No big anniversaries?" 

"Nah." 

"Birthdays, though…" 

"Well, sure, birthdays are important," she said with a wave of her drink. "I love my birthday. This year, she bought me a new apron." 

"Cute," Patterson said, swallowing down a smirk. Glancing at Adler, he asked, "What about you? I’m sure I could get a customized one for you." 

Despite a flat look, he decided to indulge Patterson for the moment. “And what would you put on this apron?” 

"Eagle." 

"You’re very clever." 

"Thanks." For the girls’ benefit, Patterson said, "That’s his name. In German, I mean, his name means eagle." 

"Ohh," Vera said slowly, looking the blond over. "That suits him…" 

"Doesn’t it?" 

In retaliation, Adler said, “And yours? A cat begging for dinner?” 

"That should be his placemat," Emma corrected with a firm nod. "So he can see that when he’s actually waiting for food. That makes sense, right?" Though Emma didn’t notice, this sparked a light in Vera’s eyes. Placemats, yeah… That’s exactly what they needed to really personalize their new place. Maybe dry-erase placemats, and they could write silly messages to each other. Did someone sell those? They couldn’t be that hard to make, right, you just laminate a— 

"Hm?" Vera looked up at the sound of her name and six staring eyes. "…sorry." 

"They asked if we want to dance again," Emma said, nudging her shoulder. "Just for a little while." 

"Ah… I don’t dance very well." 

Patterson grinned. “Don’t worry. I don’t think Adler does either.” 

"You haven’t ever seen me dance." 

"Exactly." Polishing off another drink, Patterson rose and slid out of the booth. "Coming?" 

The girls exchanged glances, both a little uncomfortable and excited because of it. It seemed like the right level of risk for their first night at a club —- a story to remember later, if nothing else. So Emma nodded for both of them, qualifying, “But just for a little while.” 

// 

\ 

A little while turned out to be two hours, with increasingly giddy breaks and less sneaky shows of affection. Seeing Emma nuzzle Vera’s shoulder prompted Adler to kiss Patterson’s neck, which let Vera pet Emma’s hair and so Patterson had to do the same. The evening — or morning, considering the time — was called to a halt only when Patterson started lapsing into another language, which Adler interpreted as ‘please drunk me home i am take’. 

They exchanged numbers and Patterson kissed both girls on the head in farewell, which Adler half-assedly apologized for until Patterson kissed the side of his head too. The girls took a taxi home to their place, giggling in the backseat and teetering across the line between hyped-up energy and adrenaline crash. 

By the time they finished trooping up the stairs, they had slipped fairly deep into crash mode. Yawning, Vera fished for the key as Emma slumped against the door. 

"That was fun…" 

"Mmmm," Emma purred back at her. "Yeah. They were nice." 

"Mhm. They were." Neither of them seemed capable of mumbling more than a few words at a time, and so they communicated with yawns and lazily-pointed fingers as they stumbled into the apartment, dropping keys and shedding purses. Emma did press some water on Vera, explaining that it would lessen any hangover, and so they both got stuck in the kitchen, too comfortable to move just yet. 

"That was nice." 

"Yeah." 

Vera glanced over to her, eyes half-lidded, and was met with a warm, sleepy smile. “You look nice.” 

"I’m sweaty," Emma protested, though the smile didn’t fade. 

"…right. Should we shower?" 

"Do you want to?" 

"I think I might fall asleep waiting for you." Vera frowned and rubbed her face. She really didn’t want to sleep like this, though, and get the pillow and sheets gunky. 

"Well." Licking her lips, Emma straightened up from the counter. "Mm." She held out her hand, which Vera had no reason not to take, and gave her a reassuring squeeze. "C’mere." She led Vera, complacent and willing, to their bathroom. After pushing the door shut, Emma undid the front of her jeans and started to shimmy out of them. 

Vera took a step back, at least some wakefulness restored, and said, “Um, you’re — “ 

"Do you…" She bit her lip, jeans resting low on her hips. "I wouldn’t do anything." 

"No, I didn’t think you…would." Vera swallowed, gaze flicking between the undone zipper and Emma’s apologetic eyes. It wasn’t as if they hadn’t been intimate, but sheets and soft lights are much different from the naked white space of the shower. 

"We can go to bed." 

"It’s alright. You’re right - it’d be better to wash off." With a brief smile, Vera started on her own pants, definitely not looking at the other girl as she pushed them down. She couldn’t help catching a glimpse of pale underwear as she straightened up and felt heat rise in her face. 

"If you don’t want to…" But Emma’s actions contradicted her words. She had already undone and removed her bra, hanging it over the towel rack, and her hand now moved to slide off the very last vestige of clothing. 

"It’s alright," Vera repeated again in a steady voice. She heard a little chuckle from the other girl and made the mistake of glancing up. 

Naked, soft and full and naked, Emma was smiling at her with a hand on one hip. She turned around without comment, starting the water in the shower. Without looking back at the frozen Vera, she asked, “Are you going to shower in your underwear?” 

"No." 

"Okay." 

"Okay." Vera looked down at herself. Quieter, she repeated, "Okay," to herself and pulled the covering off. The top was easier; Emma lazed around the apartment many mornings without bra or shirt, and occasionally persuaded Vera into the same liberty. Approaching the shower with her shoulders tucked sheepishly in, she mumbled, "It’s kind of cold." 

"The water’s almost hot," Emma said with a hand under it. She sent Vera a crooked smile, obviously amused but trying to refrain from comment. "Ready?" 

Vera answered by drawing back the shower curtain to allow them both inside. There was some shuffling to accomodate two bodies, but they accomplished it with minimal conversation or contact. Each girl took up her shampoo, tending to herself, and Emma leaned into the water first, her short hair taking less time to scrub through. When they switched, Vera closed her eyes, the heat and hissing water lulling her back into drowsiness. Halfway through rinsing her hair, she felt a hand on her back and paused —- the hand did the same and Emma asked if this was alright. 

"Yeah." 

So the hand slid up her back, through shampoo suds and streams of water, and then down, where Emma’s other hand joined it. She made a slow, warm trail across her back and then splitting around to touch her hips. After that pattern repeated a few times, Vera leaned back into it. Emma took that as a green light and roved farther, up to her shoulders, where Vera made an appreciative hum. 

Grinning, Emma kissed the back of her neck and reminded her, “I promised not to do anything.” 

"Is this something?" Vera asked sleepily. 

"I guess not." Up on her tiptoes, Emma could rub her hands over the girl’s shoulders and down past the collarbone. She didn’t trespass any further, instead winding back the way she came. Content for now with her exploration, Emma stepped in and wrapped her arms around Vera’s waist. She squished her face against the girl’s wet back, still smiling wide. "We should do this again." 

"Mkay." 

"When you’re awake," Emma clarified. 

"Mkay." 

"Really?" 

"Yeah," Vera said with the beginning of a yawn. The water caught in her open mouth and she coughed a few times, wiping at her face. "But I’m not awake now, so…" 

"So we’ll go to bed." After leaving another kiss on her neck, Emma released her. 

Vera looked over her shoulder, with sleepy eyes and a smile just as soft. “I like you.” 

Maybe it had been too soon to let her go —- Emma reclaimed her hold around Vera’s waist. “Good. I like you too.”